readme: add versioning scheme information (#9)
zephyrproject-rtos/example-application: README.md

- Out-of-tree [drivers][drivers]
- Example CI configuration (using Github Actions)

> This repository uses the same versioning scheme as Zephyr. This means that
> `example-application` vX.Y.Z will point to Zephyr vX.Y.Z. Note that the `main`
> branch will always point to the development branch of Zephyr, also `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is versioned together with the [Zephyr main tree](https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr). This means that every time that Zephyr is tagged, this repository is tagged as well with the same version number, and the [manifest](west.yml) entry for `zephyr` will point to the corresponding Zephyr tag. For example, `example-application` v2.6.0 will point to Zephyr v2.6.0. Note that the `main`
branch will always point to the development branch of Zephyr, also `main`.
```
